Now let's do another example of a function
using a loop to step through a list.
Notice that we have a list called
newEngland that has the states
of newEngland, Maine,
New Hampshire, Vermont and so on.
And we have a function for_state, and
it will step through this last slis,
and for each state in slis,
it'll print the state.
Now let's see this run.
Note that instead of using slis,
we're giving it
the actual list, newEngland,
and there they are.
In this case,
we stepped through the items on the list
one at a time, and printed them.
Now, what you need to write is a simple
function that will print a list.
Here's some lists to test it out on.
Here's my run of my solution,
press return when you have finished
your solution and I will show you mine.
Here is the function print list,
for each item in the list,
just simply print the item.
This will step through
the list one item at a time,
and then that will print the item.
That's all there is to it,
notice that it works on any kind of list.